about everything in order to prevent
flood in the south of Kazakhstan was
impossible about it today in the country
declared the main rescuer of the country, Vladimir
god
Slavic area where I flooded immediately
several villages are ongoing
elimination of consequences
Dozens of rescue workers work in the region.
teams and and special equipment at the same time
it turned out that with the onset of heat
some more regions may flood
country artem petrov appreciated the degree
the imminent danger is still recently completely
flooded and village Kyzylorda
areas today look quite
differently after the flood in
affected area has become colder and
boobs streets turned into solid
rink
villagers do not move away from their homes there
danger of falling under the ice of cattle
Now, many do not keep barns and
roofs
Yaga foundation our coat of arms here see the water
broke down the foundation fell my barn
Now we pray the main thing that the house stood
on site we fortified not from houses
we carry clay there but if it rains
we will stay homeless
And some villagers are already literally home.
bursting at the seams here is a powerful water pressure
blured the foundation of the building tilted
truly cracked the house only miraculously not
collapsed develop wives never
thought that this could never happen
it was not good that no one
family safety suffered but soon
again it will get warmer and worse
so as not to get worse, sand falls asleep
not only the streets of this village but also
outskirts of the nearest villages special brigade
try to channel the river to another
the side
urgently strengthen hazard can dam
here mavis living in such a place now
25 trucks are working two
loader 2 excavator handlers we
made obstacles to the movement of water
before the aul we do not try to force out the water
the very place of the flood behind the situation in the goat
arden sky region true from the rest
the head of the Emergency Situations Ministry is today Vladimir
god tried to calm the distressed
Kazakhstanis could truly serious
destruction this year's first flood
didn't bring the news
dropped from karatau rack
stopped and sz eye and
normalize great destruction whether
I don’t have any consequences yet
reported no because when
temperature rises by 10 to 15
degrees from the mountains
it is snowing melting as you do not suggest
prevent sorry i'm not in
bock and weather offices are not a team
if there is a bush now
or rebellion plus 20 then sorry you for
float with your editorial board to
do not wet out during the spring floods
nor its reputation not local authorities
rescuers have already begun large-scale
snow removal in almost all cities
republics including a hundredfold because
northern and central regions of the country
it is the huge masses of snow the main
source of floods and floods however
remove all this will not be so easy
.
in Astana this year fell
tremendous rainfall since the beginning
winters metropolitan utilities gathered and
exported almost 2 million cubic meters
of snow
Artem Petrov Sayat us tones again
ktk game